Remove trailing slash redirects (#1119)
tokio-rs/axum: axum/CHANGELOG.md

  Use `axum::middleware::from_extractor` instead ([#1077])
- **breaking:** Allow `Error: Into<Infallible>` for `Route::{layer, route_layer}` ([#924])
- **breaking:** `MethodRouter` now panics on overlapping routes ([#1102])
- **breaking:** Remove trailing slash redirects. Previously if you added a route

>   for `/foo` axum would redirect calls to `/foo/` to `/foo` (or vice versa for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for `/foo`, axum would redirect calls to `/foo/` to `/foo` (or vice versa for
```

  `/foo/`). That is no longer supported and such requests will now be sent to

>   the fallback ([#1119])

Reviewer: I think we should call out `route_with_tsr` here (not everybody is going to also check axum-extra's changelog).

- **breaking:** Remove `extractor_middleware` which was previously deprecated.
  Use `axum::middleware::from_extractor` instead ([#1077])
- **breaking:** `MethodRouter` now panics on overlapping routes ([#1102])
- **breaking:** Remove trailing slash redirects. Previously if you added a route
  for `/foo` axum would redirect calls to `/foo/` to `/foo` (or vice versa for

>   `/foo/`). That is no longer supported and such requests will now be sent to
>   the fallback ([#1119])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `/foo/`). Such requests will now be sent to the fallback. If you were
  relying on the previous behavior, please open an issue. ([#1119])
```
